this is the movieclips weekly five we
give you five things you might want to
know about the entertainment world this
week the first reviews for Guillermo del
Toro's giant monsters vs giant robots
film Pacific Rim have finally started to
come in while some critics are
dismissing it is simply another
brainless summer blockbuster most
reviews are saying that although it is a
popcorn action movie it is full of
imagination aw and del Toro's
inescapable visual flair we'll see what
audiences think when it opens nationwide
this Friday
James Cameron has hinted more when we
might finally see his long in
development battle angel alita movie the
director of avatar has been talking
about the film for years and has now
stated that he will begin working on it
in 2017 when avatar 2 and avatar 3 are
finished filming battle angel is based
on a manga of the same name which
centers around the cyborg in a
post-apocalyptic world we finally got an
official look at the poster for spike
lee's oldboy although this is only a
small look at the film the saturated
colors indicate the stylized approach
often associated with leaves vivid
direction the film is based on the 2003
South Korean version directed by Chan Ho
Park which centers around the man who is
kidnapped and imprisoned by mysterious
captor for over a decade the film also
stars samuel l jackson michael imperioli
and sharlto copley charlie kaufman has
been hired to script an adaptation of
kurt vonnegut's modern classic
slaughterhouse-five Kaufman is best
known for intellectual offbeat works
like being john malkovich adaptation and
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
and his absurdist approach seems like a
perfect match for the source material
this would be the second adaptation of
Vonnegut's book after the 1972 film
version directed by George Roy hill the
saturday lineup for the San Diego
comic-con has been in the house Warner
Brothers will showcase the slew of
movies including Gareth Edwards Godzilla
reboot 300 rise of an empire the lego
movie and gravity lionsgate will also
have a big presence including new
footage from the hunger games catching
fire Marvel also has a panel which is
rumored to include footage from Captain
America the Winter Soldier and thor the
dark world stay tuned over the next few
weeks as our coverage of comic-con heats
up
this was the movie clips weekly 5 click
to subscribe and remember to comment
below to let us know what you're excited
about this week thanks for watching
and I mean